Roman/azure cognitive embeddings (#1524)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

* **Add functionality to save embedded images in PDF's separately as images** This allows users to save embedded images in PDF's separately as images, given some directory path. The saved image path is written to the metadata for the Image element. Downstream applications may benefit by providing users with image links from relevant "hits."
* **Azure Cognite Search destination connector** New Azure Cognitive Search destination connector added to ingest CLI.  Users may now use `unstructured-ingest` to write partitioned data from over 20 data sources (so far) to an Azure Cognitive Search index.
* **Improves salesforce partitioning** Partitions Salesforce data as xlm instead of text for improved detail and flexibility. Partitions htmlbody instead of textbody for Salesforce emails. Importance: Allows all Salesforce fields to be ingested and gives Salesforce emails more detailed partitioning.

> * **Embeddings support in ingest CLI** The sharepoint connector can now optionally create embeddings from the elements it pulls out during partition and upload those embeddings to Azure Cognitive Search index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Embeddings support for the SharePoint SourceConnector via unstructured-ingest CLI** The SharePoint connector can now optionally create embeddings from the elements it pulls out during partition and upload those embeddings to Azure Cognitive Search index.
```

* **Add functionality to save embedded images in PDF's separately as images** This allows users to save embedded images in PDF's separately as images, given some directory path. The saved image path is written to the metadata for the Image element. Downstream applications may benefit by providing users with image links from relevant "hits."
* **Azure Cognite Search destination connector** New Azure Cognitive Search destination connector added to ingest CLI.  Users may now use `unstructured-ingest` to write partitioned data from over 20 data sources (so far) to an Azure Cognitive Search index.
* **Improves salesforce partitioning** Partitions Salesforce data as xlm instead of text for improved detail and flexibility. Partitions htmlbody instead of textbody for Salesforce emails. Importance: Allows all Salesforce fields to be ingested and gives Salesforce emails more detailed partitioning.

> * **Embeddings support for the SharePoint SourceConnector via unstructured-ingest CLI** The SharePoint connector can now optionally create embeddings from the elements it pulls out during partition and upload those embeddings to Azure Cognitive Search index.

Reviewer: missed earlier: should also include "why this matters"
